Error is a problem in the  code which will not all the program to 
compile or Exucted

The error which will prevent code to  compile are called 
1.Compiation Error 
	Compiler Error will be denoted with a number.
	Solution : Provide the right syntax



2. The Errors which can occur during execution of the program are called
   Runtime Errors.

   Runtime Errors are also called as Exceptions.

   Exceptions can cause abnormal termination of the application.

   Exception Handling : In order to handle the exceptions we need use
   try  catch throw finally clauses.
   try :It is a block in which we write the risky code(The code in which we expect an exception).
		 It will try to execute the code, if it is not it creates exception objects and throws exception
		 objects to the suitable catch block internally.

		 Hence it will abnormal termination of the application.
		 try block can't be written ideally.
		 try block must be followed with either catch or finally blocks.
   catch : It is a block which can catch exception objects which are raised in the try block 
		   internally or extenally.
		   Catch blocks are of two types.
				1. Individual Catch block
						It is block which can handle only one exception
						Example : FormatException, DivideByZeroException,SqlException,
								  StackOverFlowExcetion etc.

				2. Common Catch blcok :
						It is a block which can catch all the exceptions which are raised in the
						try block.
						A catch block with out any class or 
						A catch block with Exception class is called common catch block
	Throw is a statement which can be used to throw the exception objects Excteranlly to the suitable catch
	block along with message.

	finally : In order to get the common messages , In order to set intial values, In order to close the database connections
	we use finally block.

	Finally block can be executed after successfull execution try blcok,
	or 
	Finally block can be execute even after execting catch block

	Custom Exception : It is an Exception which can be created by the developer, and can be used.
	It is also User Defined Exception. or Custom Exception.


	Steps To Create CustomException:
		1.Create a class, Inherit Exception Parent class, Then class will be converted into a Exception class
		2. Create a Constructor  with,without paramter and with Parameter is with message string variable,
		   it should be sent base class construcor using base keyword

	steps To Consume the Exception:
		1.Create an Application
		2.Write the Risky in try block
		3.Throw The Custom Exception object using Throw Keyword















